The first trick in our bag of tricks or in the distribution styles would be,
to do something called an all distribution style.
That would be that the small tables would be replicated on all slices to speed up joints.
So, we say to ourselves, "Hey, well,
these are 50 rows or 40 rows and why don't we just take
these and copy them four times to all CPUs.
Okay, we're going to waste a little bit of space,
but who cares, that's not big."
How common is that case?
Actually, most of the dimension tables are not very big.
Some of them might be large dimension tables.
But in general, there are not lots of rows in dimension tables compared to fact tables.
That's actually known as broadcasting.
So, let's see now what would happen,
the fact sales table,
the big table which was done in an even way, is still the same here.
One, two, three, four, five.
Three, two and so forth.
Five, six, seven, eight.
However, these tables were replicated.
All the store dimension was replicated all of it.
In that case, to do the join,
we would look here,
the two we have it,
the three we have it,
the three we have it, the two we have it,
the four we have it, the five we have it and sometimes this is known as
a lookup table because you can actually access that very quickly.